07/02/18 - 11.55 -> 12.15

Group meeting.
Ben talked about what he worked on. This involved the FPS movement and camera.
He also talked about the issues he faced which was when the player collided, the camera did not and continued moving.
Jake and Josh suggested alternative solutions involving collisions and cameras for ben to further research

There was a group coversation about the shooting physics. This involved projectices being done first.
Examples mentioned were shotguns and grenade launchers. This was for ease of use and familiarity. 

Leading on from that, we then discussed about the gun position. To the side? If so, toggle for right-handed/left-handed?
Group decision for it to be centered in the middle of the screen, old school style for ease of use and creating, less work (toggling etc)
and a nod to Doom or Quake back then.

Aiden talked about what he was doing. This was pick-ups. He mentioned having trouble with how the player was going to pick it up.
Ben and Jake suggested using triggers and colliders for the player to "pick-up" the pick-up. 
Aiden mentioned research via auditory was his favoured approach, which I agreed and mentioned that suits myself (Ryan) best.
Then Aiden asked Jake (Project Manager) about how the pick-ups will be on the map. Jake replied they will be on pedestals, to be easily visable.
I(Ryan) asked if they will be floating or rotating for easier player recognition, similar to Quake, or on the ground in a similiar fashion to Doom.
Group decision they will be floating on the pedestals for easy recognition.

Moving on from this, we discussed about the poly counts. 
Pick ups would be at: small - 50 / large - 100
Characters would be at 2000 to 2500 poly counts.
The weapons would be at 1500 polys
  - 3 LoDs (Level of Details) for the weapons.
  - Same model will be used for now, rather than a different model for the player, compared to someone looking at player wielding weapon
  
  Aiden asked about the collision detections, namely mesh collisions. Jake replied back about box collision detection being better for this.
  Josh asked about the format of the collisions, Jake (PM) suggested using google as he doesn't know. 
  
  Jake told Ben to keep the capsule as the player for now whilst working on the fps controls for now, such as movement and camera. 
  
  Josh mentioned about checking into how many bones Unity can handle in its models, which Jake replied there was a skeleton on Unity with bones, which could be counted for use.
  
  We discussed GitHub and how it is being used for the Unity project for files and such.
  
  Jake gave Josh a deadline of next week for the bulk of the models. Josh accepted. 
  
  Jake asked me (Ryan) about how my work is coming along (Joined the day before). 
  I replied with what research I've done, including Quake, Unreal Tournament, James Bond deathmatch maps, Halo, and Counter-Strike: Global Offensive.
  I also said about the issues with finding top-down views of the maps, or blueprints of the maps. 
  When making the map, put lifts as red, and teleporters as blue for easy viewing.
  
  Group discussion: Teleports. Blue leads to blue, orange leads to orange.
  The design will be goopy and shiny. If possible, for later additions, see-through portals - Think portal game.
  Discussion: Can projectiles go through portals as well as players?
  We were saying about technicial issues of it, but also if you can see through a possibility. 
  It would be for later date if added.
  
  Jake mentioned about the Game Design Documentation.
  
  Github updates:
  Currently on commit 6 of game. We'll be updating more, and when hitting key points (Such as camera to look around) it will go up a number. 
  
  Jake asked me (Ryan) for a deadline of today to make a basic map. Ramps for players, middle area for super gun etc. I agreed.
  Suggestions asked to me were of multiple floors, maybe below map too. I said about needing to research, as well as limiting of plane.
  Solution for Plane was to fix the edges or meet edge to edge for the ceiling.
  
  At this point, Aiden mentioned having work later and needing to leave at 15.30 for it, which we acknowledged. 
